Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.context.label
Description: Which deployment environment?
 Choose a deployment environment to install from the list
Default: CUSTOM
Type: select
Choices: CUSTOM, LOCALNET, DEV, SANDBOX, STAGE, STAGE2, PRODUCTION

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.hostname
Description: What is the FQDN (full hostname) of this CN?
 Enter the full hostname for the CN currently being installed. 
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.nodeid
Description: What is the unique node id of this CN?
 Enter the unique node id for the CN currently being installed. For 
 example, for the UC Santa Barbara Sandbox Coordinating Node, the unique 
 node id is urn:node:CNSANDBOXUCSB1
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.ipaddress
Description: What is the unique ip address of this CN?
 Enter the public ip address for the CN currently being installed.
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.iplist
Description: List the IP adresses:
 The IP addresses for each Coordinating Node in an environment are needed
 to configure LDAP, Hazelcast, and other services. Provide a space-separated
 list of IP addresses.
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.hostnamelist
Description: List the hostnames:
 The hostnames for each Coordinating Node in an environment are needed to
 configure LDAP, Hazelcast, and other services. The list must correspond 
 with the IP address list in both number and order.
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.nodeids
Description: List the Node IDs:
 The node IDs for each Coordinating Node in an environment are needed to
 configure CN services. Provide a space-separated list
 of Node IDs. The list must correspond with the IP address list in both
 number and order.
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.router.hostname
Description: The Router hostname (round robin):
 The CN Router hostname for all requests, or the round robin DNS entry.
 If the environment does not have RR, then this should be the same as the 
 FQDN (full hostname) of this CN
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.router.nodeId
Description: The Router Node IDs:
 The node ID the round robin router to be set in node.properties
 If the environment does not have RR, then this should be the same as the 
 NodeId of this CN
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.dataone.ca.filename
Description: What is the Certificate Authority filename used to authenticate client certs?
 The all-in-one file where you can assemble the Certificates of Certification 
 Authorities (CA) whose clients you deal with. Assigned to 
 SSLCACertificateFile directive in the apache configuration.
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.server.publiccert.filename
Description: What is the name of the CN server public certificate file?
 The CN communicates over HTTPS with other clients and nodes. Provide the path 
 to the public SSL certificate created for this CN.
Default: _.test.dataone.org.crt
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.server.privatekey.filename
Description: What is the name of the CN server private SSL key file?
 The CN communicates over HTTPS with other clients and nodes. Provide 
 the path  to the SSL private key created for this CN.
Default: _.test.dataone.org.key
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.server.cachain.filename
Description: What is the certificate chain filename used to sign the public server certificate?
 The all-in-one file where you can assemble the certificates of 
 Certification Authorities (CA) which form he certificate chain of the 
 server certificate. Assigned to SSLCertificateChainFile directive 
 in the apache configuration.
Default: mockDataoneCA.crt
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.client.certificate.dir
Description: What is the path to the directory of the client certificates?
 At times the CN communicates over HTTPS with other nodes as a client 
 to those nodes. Provide the path to the SSL certificate generated for this CN.
Default: /etc/dataone/client/certs
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.client.key.dir
Description: What is the path to the directory of the client keys?
 At times the CN communicates over HTTPS with other nodes as a client 
 to those nodes. Provide the path to the SSL certificate key generated for this CN.
Default: /etc/dataone/client/private
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.client.certificate.filename
Description: What is the name of the CN client certificate file?
 At times the CN communicates over HTTPS with other nodes as a client 
 to those nodes. Provide the path to the SSL certificate generated for this CN.
Default: urn:node:cnDev.crt
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.replication.certificate.filename
Description: What is the name of the CN replication certificate file?
 The CN replicates data over HTTPS with other CNs.
 Provide the path to the SSL certificate generated for this CN.
Default: cn-dev.test.dataone.org.pem
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.replication.privatekey.filename
Description: What is the name of the CN replication private key file?
 The CN replicates data over HTTPS with other CNs.
 Provide the path to the SSL private key generated for this CN.
Default: cn-dev.test.dataone.org.key
Type: string

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.keystore.password
Description: What is the Java keystore password?
  Provide the Java keystore password for the default Java keystore.
Type: password

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.openldap.populated
Description: Is the LDAP database populated?
  The LDAP database should only be populated on the first run of the
  installation, otherwise it should be migrated.
Default: false
Type: boolean

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.openldap.password
Description: What is the LDAP database admin password?
  Provide the LDAP database password for the administrative user.
Type: password

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.openldap.synchronized
Description: Synchronize the LDAP database across CNs?
 The CN environment can be stand-alone (one CN), or synchronized via LDAP with
 the other defined CNs.
Default: false
Type: boolean

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.openldap.serverID
Description: What is the unique LDAP serverID for this CN?
 When the CN environment is synchronized via LDAP, each CN MUST have a 
 unique serverID defined in the LDAP configuration. Set the other CNs
 in the environment to a number other than this.
Default: 1
Type: select
Choices: 1, 2, 3

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/cn.openldap.firstcn
Description: Is this the first CN in the environment to be deployed?
 The first CN in the deployed environment needs to have its LDAP database 
 populated with the appropriate entries.  If other CNs are later configured
 and will be synchronized, their LDAP database will be populated via LDAP
 replication.
Default: false
Type: boolean

Template: dataone-cn-os-core/orcid.client.secret
Description: What is the ORCID API secret?
  Provide the ORCID client API secret key.
Type: password
